the youtube speaks galera w / brazil virtual
rpg
Today I'm going to teach how to install
broken corner that I made myself I am
come vinicius so let's go
obviously you're going in the two casts that
I put in the description of the video that the
up is schin pachá esq and is from below
will download the program to install
schin and barrel cito will be very fast
and do also so let's go there
finally you downloaded this just
download and who are you is she in
this work is out here in here
debut
You can also see here
who is the one that establishes what I did
An adjustment I made here
here's how she gets in the game that I
I hit the party I fought with my friend davi
leonardo, that's giving and kicking let's
by david leonardo robson br and only then the
Photos
after being downloaded have extracted the
workshop workshop will have the right to
video description also extracted here
here three file you click open
click here
reminding him that he will even settle and
to show this make this video
files you are going to use only this one
here the npm png then opened teixeira
york shops and click on the pm goes on
directory is here my case I
stay on my on- site computer
I'll be here today I was in the suitcase.
rockstar he who will decide
fashion friends
click here to read and see 3
who open now I could and touched here
edit cop point t shirt up to bounce
on here
today's game
so the cop mop point tx of after
edit isolo viper staying in kopsch grandfather
day you searched here he found
helicopter and click on it
here is what this is the original
You drag the cope piedra this part
that I'm missing
ready is installed now just close
the door is
thank you guys
galera is brief the virtual and until the next
video